Tomorrow at 10 AM I will interact with Karyakartas from the @BJP4Gujarat SC, ST Morchas and Karyakartas from coastal areas of Gujarat. This will be an interaction via audio bridge. Looking forward to this programme.
Here are highlights of my speeches from the rallies in Dhandhuka, Dahod and Netrang.http://nm-4.com/p6r5 
What one learned Congress leader said on postponing the hearing of Ram Mandir case is troubling. Congress should answer.pic.twitter.com/oQmh94d0LC
Not everything is linked to elections. Some people warned me about filing an affidavit against Triple Talaq as it will impact' us in elections but I am clear- elections come and go, the bonds of humanity are eternal.pic.twitter.com/kRsv1wW081
In Dahod, talked at length about the measures taken for the welfare of the tribal communities. Under BJP governments in Gujarat, areas dominated by tribal communities have become more developed, with better roads, water supply, healthcare and education facilities.
During Congress rule in Gujarat, 'Tanker Raj' was common and the beneficiaries were relatives of Congress leaders. BJP has stopped this corruption.pic.twitter.com/YHKVNsyjOB
    .     .pic.twitter.com/IvmSUtccU6
,      . @BJP4Gujaratpic.twitter.com/uVuHLnE0HD
Tomorrow the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre For Socio-Economic Transformation (DAICSET) will be launched. This institution will show the way and further discussions on vital issues as well as encourage research, original thinking among the youth.
The Dr. Ambedkar International Centre is a fusion of Buddhist and present day architecture. It includes seminar as well as conference halls. There are three auditoriums and an extensive library with a rich digital repository.pic.twitter.com/LjZeowlkXV
At 11 AM tomorrow, I will inaugurate the Dr. Ambedkar International Centre at 15 Janpath, Delhi. This occasion is even more special as I had the opportunity to lay the foundation stone for this centre. In the heart of our national capital, it is a fitting tribute to Dr. Ambedkar.pic.twitter.com/WvXHaVqT3f
More pictures from Dahod.pic.twitter.com/u3QCvvKKSJ
Unbelievable enthusiasm at the Dahod rally. Thankful to all those who joined us today. I can see tremendous support for BJP's development agenda in all parts of Gujarat.pic.twitter.com/s0IPtVr349
With the influence of  #CycloneOckhi waning, I want to compliment Central agencies, various state governments, local administrations and alert citizens for showing remarkable preparedness and assisting people during the adverse times.
Addressed a rally in Dhandhuka. Here are some pictures.pic.twitter.com/Q1dISq98vR
Paid tributes to Dr. Ambedkar this morning.pic.twitter.com/K4RABtZ90l
Will be in Gujarat today, where I would address rallies in Dhandhuka, Dahod and Netrang. @BJP4Gujarat
Felt extremely blessed when I prayed at Chaitya Bhoomi in Mumbai. Sharing some pictures from that visit.pic.twitter.com/mR3cz3JMtY
I bow to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas.pic.twitter.com/wRqZH5ggny
I took this pledge on World Soil Day. https://pledgeapi.mygov.in/api/v2/soil-pledge-mps/share/individual/7457567433 pic.twitter.com/xiFvVFi0ym
